hello baby
[Music]
hey baby
little six on the cart
get your block gets anything he wants do
you look for me Barbara Novak barrister
banner houses new number one authors has
everything she needs
it's all in my book down with love not
sex my book instructs women that love is
a distraction all our wives are giving
us trouble you have to solve this catch
Squasher all women want love and
marriage I'm gonna write the expose of
the century and I am going to make Novak
fall in love Wow
you've never heard of my book down with
love no man I have not fly me to the
moon let me play let me see my life a
Jupiter and
in other words crazy isn't it
I can't stop thinking of you I can't do
this
you've got it bad and that is not good
[Music]
I don't want love's against everything I
stand for
I've got her exactly where I want her or
maybe you just like spending time with
her terrible more behaving just like two
people in love Oh down with love you
[Music]